just straight out okay straight out all
just nice easy pressure you can squeeze
a little harder on the tweezers I reckon
well doing that a bunch of times gonna
rip them just as much as oh no that was
good that was good just a little slower
than that but you really had a squeeze
on there I'm sorry you'll hold on there
squeeze on both sides turns pretty hard
there is
sorry we missed another recording that's
right we got it done sorry I yelled you
gotta squeeze that motherfucker Oh got
him Toby we got him do you give a shit
at all did you know what just happened I
wouldn't tell you with that too much cuz
that's dirty yeah high-five
[Music]